README.md, before:

# Contasimple Desktop

Read this document in [Spanish](Readme.es.md)
Read this document in [English](Readme.md)

##Description

Contasimple Desktop is a Windows, Mac OS X and Linux client to access the Contasimple application. 

Contasimple is the leading invoicing, accounting and taxes application to manage your company on the cloud. The application is specifically targeted towards freelancers and small companies with no accountancy knowledge.

Contasimple lets you:
- issue invoices/bills to your customers.
- manage your invoicing and billing.
- create estimates or delivery notes and convert those to invoices with a single click.
- register your expenses on the books.
- manage the collections and payments.
- manage your product stocks.
- know the status of your business from the dashboard screen.
- get to better understand your business with the reports.
- store files on its virtual drive, and link them to any of the application documents (i.e. invoices, estimates, delivery notes, customers, suppliers, etc.)
- compute and fill the official tax forms (feature not available for all markets).
- collect from your customers via direct debit payments (feature available for all SEPA countries).
- keep track of your employees working hours.
- export all your accountancy to Excel for deeper analysis
- request other companies or freelancers’ reports (to analyse how your competition is doing, or just to investigate a company before a sales speech)
- etc.

The Contasimple ecosystem allows you to access your information anywhere anytime:
- from the web (www.contasimple.com)
- from the Contasimple Desktop client applications available for all major OSs (like Windows, Linux or Mac OS)
- on the go from your phone (search for Contasimple on the Android and iOS app stores).

The Contasimple iOS app can be downloaded, free of charge, from the App Store:
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/contasimple/id427583930

The Contasimple Android app, can be downloaded, free of charge too, from the Google Play store:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.v2msoft.contasimple

The application allows its users to work with one of its three pricing plans:
-**Basic plan (FREE, as in GRATIS, 0.0€/month)**: this free plan allows the users to register up to 50 documents per year.
-**Profesional plan (from 7.95€/month)**: this plan increases the capacity up to 500 documents/year and grants access to the tax module and to basic reports about the company.
-**Ultimate plan (from 11.95€/month)**: this is the unlimited plan, allows the registration of any number of documents and grants access to all modules.

For more information about the plans, please visit:
https://www.contasimple.co.uk/prices-of-accounting-and-invoicing-tool

If in doubt if the application will work for you, just try it for yourself, without any obligation, no credit card required. If the free plan works for you there's no need to pay, and if you require any of the paying plans, they are super affordable. 
 
Come and join the 250.000 users that rely on Contasimple to manage their business daily!

##Support
If you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact our support team:
https://www.contasimple.co.uk/contact 

##Terms and conditions
https://www.contasimple.co.uk/legal-notes-and-terms

##Developed by
Contasimple S.L.

Commit message:

Added spanish readme + changes to the main one

README.md, after:

# Contasimple Desktop

Leer este documento en [Español](Readme.es.md)  
Read this document in [English](Readme.md)

## Description

Contasimple Desktop is a Windows, Mac OS X and Linux client to access the Contasimple application. 

Contasimple is the leading invoicing, accounting and taxes application to manage your company on the cloud. The application is specifically targeted towards freelancers and small companies with no accountancy knowledge.

Contasimple lets you:
- issue invoices/bills to your customers.
- manage your invoicing and billing.
- create estimates or delivery notes and convert those to invoices with a single click.
- register your expenses on the books.
- manage the collections and payments.
- manage your product stocks.
- know the status of your business from the dashboard screen.
- get to better understand your business with the reports.
- store files on its virtual drive, and link them to any of the application documents (i.e. invoices, estimates, delivery notes, customers, suppliers, etc.)
- compute and fill the official tax forms (feature not available for all markets).
- collect from your customers via direct debit payments (feature available for all SEPA countries).
- keep track of your employees working hours.
- export all your accountancy to Excel for deeper analysis
- request other companies or freelancers’ reports (to analyse how your competition is doing, or just to investigate a company before a sales speech)
- etc.

The Contasimple ecosystem allows you to access your information anywhere anytime:
- from the web [www.contasimple.com](https://www.contasimple.com)
- from the Contasimple Desktop client applications available for all major OSs (like Windows, Linux or Mac OS)
- on the go from your phone (search for Contasimple on the Android and iOS app stores).

The Contasimple iOS app can be downloaded, free of charge, from the [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/contasimple/id427583930)  
The Contasimple Android app, can be downloaded, free of charge too, from the [Google Play store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.v2msoft.contasimple)  

The application allows its users to work with one of its three pricing plans:  
- **Basic plan (FREE, as in GRATIS, 0.0€/month)**: this free plan allows users to register up to 50 documents per year.  
- **Professional plan (from 7.95€/month)**: this plan increases the capacity up to 500 documents/year and grants access to the tax module and to basic reports about the company.  
- **Ultimate plan (from 11.95€/month)**: this is the unlimited plan, allows the registration of any number of documents and grants access to all modules.  

For more detailed information about the pricing and features included in each plan, please visit our [pricing information page](https://www.contasimple.co.uk/prices-of-accounting-and-invoicing-tool)

If in doubt if the application will work for you, **just try it for yourself, without any obligation, no credit card required**. If the free plan works for you there's no need to pay, and if you require any of the paying plans, they are super affordable. 
 
**Come and join the 250.000 users that rely on Contasimple to manage their business daily!**

## Support
If you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact our [Support team](https://www.contasimple.co.uk/contact)

## Terms and conditions

We take very seriously privacy, GPDR and any applicable laws. If interested, you can check out our [Terms and conditions](https://www.contasimple.co.uk/legal-notes-and-terms)

## Developed by
Contasimple S.L.
